"I wonder if there are any good necromancy spells in this place."
"Tom, stop playing with that candle!"
"I miss the taste of food sometimes."
"Why does E. Gadd keep looking at me like that?"
"I hope there are some good skulls to add to my collection here."
"Harry, don't touch that book!"
"I wonder if there are any secret passages in this mansion."
"I wonder if I could use one of these ghosts as a minion."
"I wish I could feel the sun on my skin again."
"I wonder if anyone else in the party would be interested in becoming undead."
"Dick, put that vase back where you found it!"
"Why do I keep having nightmares about that Bob-omb?"
"I wonder if there's a way to bring back my memories from before I died."
"I hope there are some good treasures in this mansion."
"Sally, stop staring at that suit of armor."
"I wonder if any of these ghosts know any good ghost stories."
"I wish I could feel a breeze on my face again."
"Donksies, do you think you could carry this chest for me?"
"I wonder if there are any other undead creatures in this mansion."
"Harry, stop knocking over those books!"
"I miss the sound of rain sometimes."
"I wonder if there's a way to make myself more powerful as an undead."
"I wonder if there's a way to bring back my sense of taste."
"Dick, help me move this statue."
"I hope there are some good undead creatures to add to my hoard here."
"I wonder if any of these ghosts are friendly."
"I wish I could feel the warmth of a fire again."
"Donksies, do you think you could smash through this wall for me?"
"I wonder if there's a way to make my undead minions smarter."
"I wonder if there are any good spells for communicating with the dead."
"I hope there are some good potions to be found here."
"Sally, don't touch that painting!"
"I miss the feeling of sand between my toes sometimes."
"I wonder if there's a way to regain my sense of smell."
"I wonder if there's a way to make my undead minions faster."
"Harry, don't play with that chandelier!"
"I hope there are some good magical artifacts to be found here."
"I wonder if any of these ghosts have useful information."
"I wish I could feel the cold of winter again."
"Donksies, could you help me move this bookshelf?"
"I wonder if there's a way to make myself more resistant to damage."
"I wonder if there's a way to regain my sense of touch."
"Dick, put that skull back where you found it!"
"I hope there are some good undead animals to be found here."
"I wonder if any of these ghosts are willing to make a deal."
"I wish I could feel the warmth of the sun again."
"I wonder if there's a way to make my undead minions more stealthy."
"I wonder if I can raise the ghosts in this mansion?"
"I hope Sally doesn't fall apart again."
"I wonder how much longer until we find some fresh corpses."
"This mansion is so full of death energy, it's invigorating."
"I don't think Vryss realizes the power he could gain if he embraced necromancy."
"I miss the days when I didn't have to rely on mortals for sustenance."
"I hope Donksies doesn't try to smash any of my undead minions again."
"I wonder if E. Gadd's ghost hunting equipment would work on me."
"I wish I could feel emotions again."
"I hope we find some valuable items in this mansion."
"I wonder if I could turn Vryss into one of my undead minions."
"I hope we don't run into any other necromancers in this mansion."
"I wonder if there's a way to revive my own flesh and blood."
"I wonder if there's any way to reverse my undead state."
"I wonder if E. Gadd would be interested in studying me."
"I hope Donksies doesn't get too attached to my undead minions."
"I wonder if there's a way to increase my power."
"I wonder if I could raise an undead dragon someday."
"I hope Vryss doesn't try to steal any of my undead minions."
"I wish I could remember what it felt like to be alive."
"I hope E. Gadd doesn't try to experiment on me."
"I wonder if there are any other undead creatures in this mansion."
"I hope Donksies doesn't try to fight me if I lose control of my undead minions."
"I wonder if there's a way to break the curse that keeps me undead."
"I hope Vryss doesn't try to use my undead minions for his own purposes."
"I wonder if there's a way to create new undead minions without corpses."
"I wish I could feel the warmth of the sun again."
"I hope E. Gadd doesn't try to capture me."
"I wonder if there's a way to communicate with other undead creatures."
"I hope Donksies doesn't think I'm a monster."
"I wonder if there's a way to make my undead minions stronger."
"I wonder if there's a way to create undead minions that don't require sustenance."
"I hope Vryss doesn't try to turn me into one of his experiments."
"I wish I could taste food again."
"I hope E. Gadd doesn't try to use my undead minions for his ghost hunting."
"I wonder if there's a way to reverse the damage done to my soul."
"I hope Donksies doesn't try to kill me if I lose control of my undead minions."
"I wonder if there's a way to create undead minions that can use magic."
"I hope Vryss doesn't try to curse me with his dark magic."
"I wish I could feel the wind in my face again."
"I wonder if there's a way to transfer my consciousness to a living body."
"I wonder if anyone has ever tried to make an undead golem out of a chandelier?"
"Why do the living always seem so afraid of death?"
"I wish I could taste food again, even if it meant having to throw it up right after."
"I wonder if Tom and Dick would make a good comedy duo."
"It's funny how the living always think they're in control, when they're really just at the mercy of their own mortality."
"Sometimes I wonder if there's really any difference between life and death."
"I should really make Sally stop chewing on her own arm."
"I wish I could take a nap, but I don't think I can actually sleep anymore."
"I wonder if I could use my telepathy to communicate with the ghosts in this mansion."
"I hope Donksies doesn't accidentally crush one of my minions again."
"I'm getting really sick of this haunted mansion. Can't we go somewhere else for a change?"
"I wish E. Gadd would stop trying to capture all the ghosts. Can't he see they're just doing their own thing?"
"I wonder if Vryss could help me with a new spell to raise even more undead minions."
"Sometimes I wonder if death is really just a new beginning."
"I should really start keeping a journal of all the undead creatures I come across."
"I wonder if I could convince E. Gadd to let me take a look at his ghost-catching equipment."
"I really wish I could take a bath. Being undead is so gross sometimes."
"I wonder what kind of undead minions I could make out of the furniture in this mansion."
"I hope Donksies doesn't accidentally eat one of my minions again."
"I wish I could remember what it was like to feel emotions."
"I wonder if I could use my undead minions to build my own undead army."
"Sometimes I wish I could just die for real."
"I'm getting really tired of always being in the background. Maybe it's time for me to take center stage."
"I wonder if I could use my undead powers to bring back some of the old furniture in this mansion."
"I hope E. Gadd doesn't accidentally suck up one of my minions with his ghost-catching equipment."
"I really miss being able to feel the sun on my skin."
"I wonder what kind of experiments E. Gadd is conducting on those ghosts he captures."
"Sometimes I feel like my own undead minions are more loyal to me than my living allies."
"I wish I could find a way to permanently transfer my consciousness into a new body."
"I hope Donksies doesn't accidentally step on one of my minions again."
"I wonder if I could use my telepathy to control other undead creatures."
"I'm getting really tired of being stuck in this mansion. Can't we go on a real adventure for a change?"
"I wonder if E. Gadd would be willing to trade some of his ghost-catching equipment for some of my undead minions."
"Sometimes I wish I could just stop existing altogether."
"I hope Vryss doesn't accidentally blow up one of my minions with his magic."
"I wonder if I could use my necromancy to create a new form of life altogether."
"I'm getting really tired of being stuck in this undead body. I wish I could just die again."